# Rust API for openapi_client

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 0.1.0
- Build date: 2024-02-12T18:03:06.915553+09:00[Asia/Tokyo]



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client DownloadInfosV1DownloadInfosGet
cargo run --example client GetEngineInfoV1EngineInfoGet
cargo run --example client GetSampleVoiceV1SampleVoiceGet
cargo run --example client GetSpeakerPolicyV1SpeakerPolicyGet
cargo run --example client ProcessV1ProcessPost
cargo run --example client ReadRootGet
cargo run --example client SpeakerFolderPathV1SpeakerFolderPathGet
cargo run --example client SpeakerFolderPathV1StyleIdToSpeakerMetaPost
cargo run --example client SpeakersV1SpeakersGet
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**download_infos_v1_download_infos_get**](docs/default_api.md#download_infos_v1_download_infos_get) | **GET** /v1/download_infos | Download Infos
[**estimate_f0_v1_estimate_f0_post**](docs/default_api.md#estimate_f0_v1_estimate_f0_post) | **POST** /v1/estimate_f0 | Estimate F0
[**estimate_prosody_v1_estimate_prosody_post**](docs/default_api.md#estimate_prosody_v1_estimate_prosody_post) | **POST** /v1/estimate_prosody | Estimate Prosody
[**get_engine_info_v1_engine_info_get**](docs/default_api.md#get_engine_info_v1_engine_info_get) | **GET** /v1/engine_info | Get Engine Info
[**get_sample_voice_v1_sample_voice_get**](docs/default_api.md#get_sample_voice_v1_sample_voice_get) | **GET** /v1/sample_voice | Get Sample Voice
[**get_speaker_policy_v1_speaker_policy_get**](docs/default_api.md#get_speaker_policy_v1_speaker_policy_get) | **GET** /v1/speaker_policy | Get Speaker Policy
[**predict_v1_predict_post**](docs/default_api.md#predict_v1_predict_post) | **POST** /v1/predict | Predict
[**predict_v1_predict_with_duration_post**](docs/default_api.md#predict_v1_predict_with_duration_post) | **POST** /v1/predict_with_duration | Predict
[**process_v1_process_post**](docs/default_api.md#process_v1_process_post) | **POST** /v1/process | Process
[**process_v1_process_with_pitch_post**](docs/default_api.md#process_v1_process_with_pitch_post) | **POST** /v1/process_with_pitch | Process
[**read_root__get**](docs/default_api.md#read_root__get) | **GET** / | Read Root
[**set_dictionary_v1_set_dictionary_post**](docs/default_api.md#set_dictionary_v1_set_dictionary_post) | **POST** /v1/set_dictionary | Set Dictionary
[**speaker_folder_path_v1_query2prosody_post**](docs/default_api.md#speaker_folder_path_v1_query2prosody_post) | **POST** /v1/query2prosody | Speaker Folder Path
[**speaker_folder_path_v1_speaker_folder_path_get**](docs/default_api.md#speaker_folder_path_v1_speaker_folder_path_get) | **GET** /v1/speaker_folder_path | Speaker Folder Path
[**speaker_folder_path_v1_style_id_to_speaker_meta_post**](docs/default_api.md#speaker_folder_path_v1_style_id_to_speaker_meta_post) | **POST** /v1/style_id_to_speaker_meta | Speaker Folder Path
[**speakers_v1_speakers_get**](docs/default_api.md#speakers_v1_speakers_get) | **GET** /v1/speakers | Speakers
[**synthesis_v1_synthesis_post**](docs/default_api.md#synthesis_v1_synthesis_post) | **POST** /v1/synthesis | Synthesis


## Documentation For Models

 - [AccentPhrase](docs/AccentPhrase.md)
 - [AudioQuery](docs/AudioQuery.md)
 - [CoeirocoreMetaStyle](docs/CoeirocoreMetaStyle.md)
 - [CoeirocoreModelStyle](docs/CoeirocoreModelStyle.md)
 - [CoeirocoreMoraMora](docs/CoeirocoreMoraMora.md)
 - [CoeirocoreVUtilMora](docs/CoeirocoreVUtilMora.md)
 - [DictionaryWord](docs/DictionaryWord.md)
 - [DictionaryWords](docs/DictionaryWords.md)
 - [DownloadableModel](docs/DownloadableModel.md)
 - [EngineInfo](docs/EngineInfo.md)
 - [HttpValidationError](docs/HttpValidationError.md)
 - [LocationInner](docs/LocationInner.md)
 - [MoraDuration](docs/MoraDuration.md)
 - [PhonemeDuration](docs/PhonemeDuration.md)
 - [Prosody](docs/Prosody.md)
 - [ProsodyMakingParam](docs/ProsodyMakingParam.md)
 - [Speaker](docs/Speaker.md)
 - [SpeakerFolderPath](docs/SpeakerFolderPath.md)
 - [SpeakerInfo](docs/SpeakerInfo.md)
 - [SpeakerMeta](docs/SpeakerMeta.md)
 - [SpeakerMetaForTextBox](docs/SpeakerMetaForTextBox.md)
 - [SpeakerPolicy](docs/SpeakerPolicy.md)
 - [Status](docs/Status.md)
 - [StyleInfo](docs/StyleInfo.md)
 - [SynthesisParam](docs/SynthesisParam.md)
 - [TimeRange](docs/TimeRange.md)
 - [ValidationError](docs/ValidationError.md)
 - [WavMakingParam](docs/WavMakingParam.md)
 - [WavProcessingParam](docs/WavProcessingParam.md)
 - [WavWithDuration](docs/WavWithDuration.md)
 - [WorldF0](docs/WorldF0.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



